We are a lead generation and digital marketing company called Real Growth Media.
Our website is realgrowth.media.
Our phone number is 801-508-4303. 
We are a business-to-business service based company.
We operate as an LLC.
We specialize in helping small businesses in the financial world grow their companies using advanced digital marketing tools.
Our ideal clients should have between 1 and 15 employees.
We understand that attracting and keeping customers is the key any service-based business.
We strive to help small businesses in this financial sector attract, engage and retain customers.
They should be in the following fields:
1. Financial advisors
2. Mortgage brokers
3. Insurance agencies
4. Real estate agents
5. Investment brokers
Our ideal clients should have a high lifetime customer value of at least 1000 US dollars.
Our ideal clients should be service based business-to-consumer companies.
We utilize artificial intelligence to create winning advertisements for our clients.
We build marketing funnels that attract prospects to watch a warm-up video that explains our services.
We white-label a CRM called Go High Level to allow our clients to manage their own leads.
We use the AIDA advertising model in our digital advertisements.
We help our clients build brand recognition using modern design techniques and offer a swag store for each of our clients to order promotional items for their customers.
We help clients grow by providing high quality leads that fit their unique business needs by configuring our advertisments to match their preferred demographics.
We use Facebook ads, Google ads, TikTok ads and YouTube ads based on our client's needs.
We seek to attract clients for long-term relationship.
Our contracts are typically 6 months to 1 year per client, but we seek to add enough value for them to extend the contract after the original contract has completed.
Our prices depend on the client, but are typically $100 per lead.
Typical clients will pay between $1500 and $5000 per month.
We require a startup fee unless our clients sign-up for a 1 year contract.
When we are advertising for leads for our own company, we need to target business decision makers who can afford our costs.
We offer a money-back guarantee if our clients do not realize a 3x return on their investment in Real Growth Media after 6 months.
  